#### Load Balancer as a Service (LBaaS)

<b> 
    <href data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#pools"> A. Pools</href>
</b>
<div id="pools" class="collapse in">
A pool holds a list of members (servers) that serve content through the assigned listener. Instead of sending client traffic to the destination IP address 
specified in the client request, the load balancer sends the request to any of the servers that are members of that pool. This helps to efficiently 
distribute the load on your server resources.
A pool has the following attributes:

1. Algorithm: The method used for the load distribution between the pool members
    * ROUND_ROBIN: The system passes each new connection request to the next server in line, eventually distributing connections evenly 
      across the array of machines being load balanced. This method works well in most configurations, especially if the equipment that 
      you are load balancing is roughly equal in processing speed and memory.
    * LEAST_CONNECTIONS: The system passes a new connection to the node that has the least number of current connections in the pool.
      This method works best in environments where the servers or other equipment you are load balancing have similar capabilities.
      The method is a dynamic load balancing method, distributing connections based on various aspects of real-time server performance analysis,
      such as the current number of connections per node or the fastest node response time.
    * SOURCE_IP: ??????????? The system passes a new connection to the node that has the least number of current connections out of all pools of which a node is a member. 
      This method works best in environments where the servers or other equipment you are load balancing have similar capabilities. 
      This is a dynamic load balancing method, distributing connections based on various aspects of real-time server performance analysis, 
      such as the number of current connections per node, or the fastest node response time. ???????????
2. Protocol: The protocol used for passing traffic to the backend pool memebers. The protocol has to match the one from the assigned listener.
    * TCP: The listsner assigned have to be a TCP listener
    * HTTP: HTTP and TERMINATED_HTTPS listeners can be attached
    * HTTPS: Only HTTPS listeners can use that pool
3. Session Persistence Type: Ensures that client requests are directed to the same pool member
    * SOURCE_IP: Source address affinity persistence directs session requests to the same server based solely on the source IP address of a packet.
    * HTTP_COOKIE: Uses an HTTP cookie stored on a clients computer to allow the client to reconnect to the same server previously. The name of the cookie is generated by the Load Balancer.
    * APP_COOKIE: Similar to HTTP_COOKIE but the cookie has to be created by the application backend servers and the NAME of the cookie has to be set here.
4. Session persistence cookie name: Only in case of APP_COOKIE persistence. Has to be set to the Cookie Name generated by the application backend servers.
5. Listener: Select a protocol compatible Listener for which the pool acts as default pool.
</div>

<b> 
    <href data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#monitors">B. Health Monitors</href>
</b>
<div id="monitors" class="collapse">

Health Monitors are used for the supervision of Pool Members. Members may go offline from time to time and health monitors 
divert traffic away from members that are not responding properly. Health monitors are associated with pools. 
A Health Monitor has the following attributes:

1. Type: The type of probe sent by the load balancer to verify the member state.
    * TCP: A tcp session is established to the members to verify health.
    * PING: The load balancers sends ping requests to pool members.
    * HTTP: A HTTP call is made for the member health checks. The HTTP method, the url path and the HTTP response code are used for the check.
    * HTTPS:  A HTTPS call is made for the member health checks. The HTTP method, the url path and the HTTP response code are used for the check.
2. Max Retries: The number of allowed connection failures before changing the status of a member to INACTIVE. A valid value is from 1 to 10.
3. Timeout: The maximum time, in seconds, that a monitor waits to connect before it times out. This value must be less than the delay value.
4. Delay: The time, in seconds, between sending probes to members.
5. HTTP Method: The HTTP method that the monitor uses for requests.
6. Expected Codes: The list of HTTP status codes expected in response from the member to declare it healthy. Specify one of the following values:
    * A single value, such as 200.
    * A list, such as 200, 202.
    * A range, such as 200-204.
7. URL Path: The HTTP path of the request sent by the monitor to test the health of a member. A valid value is a string that begins with a forward slash (/). 
</div>

<b> 
    <href data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#members">C. Pool Members</href>
</b>
<div id="members" class="collapse">

Members are servers that serve traffic behind a load balancer. Each member is specified by the IP address and port that it uses to serve traffic.
You can either add servers from your project via a selection or you can add IP addresses manually to specify a server. You can specify the following parameters: 

1. IP Address: Enter the IP Address of an external server. If you add an project internal server, the IP Address is determined by the system
2. Protocol Port: The port on which the member listens for traffic.
3. Weight:  A positive integer value that indicates the relative portion of traffic that this member should receive from the pool. For example, 
a member with a weight of 10 receives five times as much traffic as a member with a weight of 2.
</div>